-Oh!
- Don't sleep, then!
Ouch!
Thank you Orm for the round you are getting now.
Yes, yes. We are never stronger
than the weakest link.
Hey you ...
-Aren't you linked?
-I volunteer.
Depends on the pain wheel.
Getting grumpy without a good session per day.
What kind of torture is this?
Walking around and around?
We are privileged to work outside
in Odin's free nature. Good workout.
Orm begins
to gain some muscle already.
Your body responds
extremely good at exercise. Impressive.
-Thanks. Thanks.
-Yes. We're driving.
Then we drive on.
I just have to say that I have a very,
very good feeling on this.
Jarl Varg is not always
just as easy to read.
But then he acted in a way
positive to get some air out.
Well ... There was something wrong
feedback and values ​​and such.
Anyone want to start?
I might as well start.
It's a good part
here left with a little ...
... ugly feeling
after what happened in Norheim.
You go somewhere to get a map,
and then you end up killing.
And it was sodomy and attempted rape.
You become a little uncertain about you
is on the good team anymore.
Any other thoughts around it?
Magnus der.
I think what Håkon thinks is that we
must set some defined values.
And agree
an emotionally rooted goal -
- for our entire business here.
Other input?
Mariana?
I speak for the younger soldiers.
We need a clear "why".
Why should we join
on this journey?
Then it might be okay to drive
a process and find our values?
So ...
That's how I feel, then.
I mean sexuality
cannot be put in booths.
A digression. But I will be
aware that even though I'm a big guy,
- then you have to look at me
like one of the guys on the floor.
I'm ready to pull my weight.
This is fun.
Look - I'm an ax man!
Relax a bit, then, Bendel ...
Think body work is so much fun.
After all, it's incredibly nice. And I
practicing on me a sexual physique.
Because I am so easy going. So I train
enough on me an attractive physics fast.
-I pretty much doubt that.
- But just wait and see. Wait and see.
Get the pins.
Good. And then it.
You guys, I really liked
the energy we got in the room here now.
It was
really good suggestions we got.
But we still landed
that our new values ​​are:
Curious.
Raus.
-And playful.
-Isn't it pretty nice values?
The challenge just becomes
to implement them.
-But it must not be too complicated.
- Is that the way management is behind?
-Yes.
-It's not too radical?
No.
I feel ten pounds lighter.
I have to admit that I've been dreading.
Such processes can be painful
both for employees and for management.
I'll take off your hat for you, Jarl
Varg, to be so willing to change.
Fascinating.
Others who have input
on leadership style and values?
You young?
Need a clearer "why"?
I was to blame
each one of you,
- ripped off your testicles
in a violent maneuver.
I didn't get all the names with me.
Let's take a little round
what we are called, what hobbies we have?
-Wouldn't it have been nice, then?
-No, actually.
-Don't be so nuts then. Sit down.
-When the Vikings see it, we'll be whipped.
Nine out of ten concerns are unfounded.
Turn it off a bit.
We can ...
You are actually the first one
I've brought down here.
It's incredibly nice here, then.
Yes, it is
a very calm here.
It's here I come
to think the big thoughts.
Which:
What is beyond the stars?
No.
More like mountains.
Big stones.
Whales I can think of occasionally.
Moose. Logs.
That's not exactly what it is,
only there are great things.
Maybe you want to start, Rufus?
You have an exciting story, after all.
I really don't care.
I do not share from mine
amazing life with sub human beings.
Here we are all sub-humans, Rufus.
-I really don't care.
- But then I start.
My name is Orm.
Rightful heir to the throne.
Love art and culture.
But most of all I love people.
Been a lot alone.
Don't like it.
Very best I have it
in a tightly welded bunch -
- doing things together all the time
day in and day out -
- until the gang merges
to one organism -
- with lots of intern jargon and jokes
and things people outside do not understand.
That's my dream.
Here it was nice!
-Are you sitting?
-No, it was ...
Orm insisted that we
should organize such a ...
-Get known ...
-Be-known round.
He's new and didn't know any better.
I'll take one for the team.
There will be no "take one for the team".
It gets whipped on all men.
Without you, Orm.
You didn't sit.
-Shall we take it right away?
-Yes.
-Oh!
-Au!
You? I am very happy
that you would come down here.
Because that's something I've been thinking
to ask you.
Oh well?
What?
-Shall we tie the knot?
- Knot the knot?
-Engage us?
-Is it a ring?
Had to make one of the foreskin.
I hope it's okay.
-Don't you? I understand well ...
- Yes, yes. I want that.
-So then we are engaged then, right?
-Yes.
To ...
-Hey dear. Had a nice day?
-Liv. You came back.
What is the legislature doing here?
Hey, by the way.
We screwed up
in my rights.
It was a lot that was new to me.
You've thrown out your wife
for no valid reason.
After all, she egged Jarl Varg on
to fertilize her! Valid reason!
Egg up? It was an abuse. You
did not lift a finger to help.
You're very weak here, Arvid.
Let us review all the facts.
I feel I have mine in the dry.
Liv, you say you lived a happy life
with Olvar, the richest farmer here?
We had a relationship based on that
mutual respect and understanding.
We cultivated each other
and the good conversation.
Especially.
Arvid, you split Liv's man in two
to take over her and the farm.
Is that right.
It was just after the book.
And you boxed Liv's best friend
in the face so the nose became disfigured?
Yes, but she deserved it.
And while your best friend
lay to death -
- you sprayed penile milk
into his wife,
- so Hildur
now pregnant with your baby?
And you deceived Liv with Frøya, et
conditions based on animal attraction?
There are feelings there too.
You know what? Everything points to
that you have gone far beyond the line.
I am very, very disappointed.
It is so incredibly honored.
You owe Liv
a huge excuse.
Loke, ass.
I'm sorry
that I got you all whipped.
It's really a little cool stuff
we can all look back on and laugh at.
-Which ties us stronger together.
-Sure, Orm.
Anyway - now my throat is screaming
after a lukewarm mead or two.
What do you guys say?
And the girl?
I guess I just have to
to get me home.
It won't be Friday night for me.
I am weak at cultivating the camaraderie at the end of the work week.
We work every day of the year, we,
so for us the week is never over.
-It just keeps going.
-Another day.
-Tomorrow?
- Or maybe a little later.
-We just see it.
- I don't want to lock me.
But we are doing this ...
Or next week, then?
-Yes, what is it?
-Liv?
Yes.
-So you're back, right?
-Is that right.
-Is Arvid there?
- The chief will not be disturbed.
So just keep watch,
or what you do.
You should lie so insanely low.
Pair up like that in the system.
And that style.
Maybe not quite 791, right?
-What do you mean?
-It's better to say.
Not to be cocky,
but you look like a simple path whore.
Come on. Kill your life
the chieftain and become riveting.
I'm going to sit in Valhall and enjoy myself
over being chased like a beehive.
-Who was it?
- A whore that had gone wrong.
Wrong?
There are five houses throughout Norheim.
I just know it was an extreme
horny lady who had gone wrong.
-Where is he?
- He should be here now.
He tends to be precise.
At least he comes highly recommended.
If anyone can
steal the map, then he is.
Even if you have a title as a master thief,
then you should be punctual.
I look at my wrist
when I'm waiting for someone.
What's that?
It's a coffin
which was delivered earlier today.
But I know then Loke
what's up there.
A great trick!
Troll in box.
Soon the map to the West -
- my!
Okay, guys.
Big day.
We will do something like no chieftain
in Norheim has done for generations.
We are going to collect taxes.
Or protection money.
-Isn't that Jarl Varg's thing?
-Yes.
But that is the privilege
to the most powerful chief.
As of now it is actually me.
Yes, I'm back. You haven't
told people that your wife is back?
No. I think maybe
I told someone ...
No.
You should keep the hungry
your fingers off the dish.
By chick hungry, I mean you don't
should touch on Arvid down there. On the cock.
-I realized what you mean, Liv.
-Good.
As a first lady, I command you
to keep an eye on those fingers.
It's Loki's fingers.
Insidious and infamous -
- constantly looking for mushrooms -
bodies, body openings and cavities.
-Good luck then, dear.
-Thanks.
Sorry, ass.
She just came back suddenly.
And so says the legislature
that she somehow has the law on her side.
I do not quite know
what to do with it.
-You know you have an extra responsibility?
-Yes. Or what do you mean?
You just know too well
how insanely good you look, -
- and then you count
that everything will be fine.
I do not know.
It comes with a responsibility
to have the look you have -
- and the perfect body.
Yes, I'm a reasonable face pen,
but I struggle a little with my back.
It makes me look a little full,
so perfectly I probably am not.
Anyway, it was nice to be
Engage with you. Great.
It was ten nice hours, that.
I think we should take a break, me.
I need to think a little.
Is not pause
the same as looking up?
-How is it related?
-I do not know. You're married, after all.
Maybe you should think a little, you too.
On how to deal with it.
Put it there.
Everything is going out.
Uh ... Throw it there.
-Hi, Hildur.
- Liv, so incredibly nice.
I've been so worried about you.
-Isn't that my cape and my coat?
-Yes. After all, you should move out.
No, the heiress and I
must live in the longhouse.
-The plans have been changed.
-We'll wait until Arvid comes home.
I am the chieftain. I command you
forget this warm, lovely house -
- and move into a tent
or a gaping hook or something.
Couldn't you just been eaten off
a gray leg? Everything was better without you.
Unlike you,
who has clung to influence, -
- then I worked for it.
And now I'm back.
This time
I will not go out.
Then that horn
you can hatch far from here.
You can cast your horned egg
far from here. With all due respect.
-Greetings, Eigil.
- Chief Arvid. Welcome.
-What is the reason for this visit, then?
-I heard a lot about your farm.
I wanted to see it with my own eyes.
An incredibly nice place.
Yes, no, life plays here.
I have to admit that I have
had a horn in your side -
- since the episode
with my twin brother.
Yes, that is regrettable, that.
But that's the rules now.
Because you shouldn't
challenge me to holmgang?
-No not at all.
-It was good.
It was quite traumatic
experience to bury Olvar.
It was in a sense two corpses.
After all, he was split completely into two.
-That kind of tracks, that is.
-I see it, Eigil.
Either way, we're here to introduce something
called protection money.
Which is about people
with power, like us, -
- offers us to protect people who
are completely powerless, like you.
What a fantastic concept.
I didn't expect that
to hear from you, -
- not after you split your brother
mine in two just to get you mice.
No, it was because of the farm.
But this is about you having to pay
us so we don't attack you.
-Why should you attack us?
-If you don't pay, then.
I do not understand ...
-Yes, that's the concept.
-Yes ...
Let's take a look
and see what we find, we.
Suppose you just throw out Hildur.
Should our relationship be in the right place,
we can't have her living here.
She is vulnerable when pregnant.
She can stay here until the baby arrives.
No.
It's the recipe for cohabitation.
Having a horny free whore in the house.
I'm not that good.